PEW RESEARCH CENTER - Global Attitudes & Trends

Spring 2015 40-Nation Survey

It is important to read this information before using the Pew Research Center's Spring 2015 Global Attitudes survey dataset. 

 
1.	General population weight:
	
	The weight that must be used when analyzing the attitudes and opinions of the general populations are:
		
	General population variable name:  Weight
			
	Weight by weight for this analysis. 


2.	The full topline results are for the general populations, unless otherwise stated. To access topline trends, please use the Pew Global Attitudes & Trends Question Database on our website: http://www.pewglobal.org/question-search/     


3.	The topline results exclude data for questions where there are fewer than 100 observations for a particular country. This data is, however, included in the full dataset. 


4.	The sample in Ukraine excludes the oblasts of Luhans'k and Donets'k due to security conditions as well as Crimea because of concerns about asking politically sensitive questions.  


5.	The questionnaire includes full question wording as well as answer category values.


6.	Methodological overviews of each survey country, including sample design, mode, languages, fieldwork dates, sample size, margin of error, and representativeness are available on our methods website: http://www.pewglobal.org/international-survey-methodology/ 


7.	Certain variables have been eliminated from the dataset either because of disclosure sensitivities or because of administrative errors.

  
8. 	In 2015, the translations for three questions changed in some countries due to inaccurate translations in prior years: Q3 in Ghana (Akan (Twi)), Q4 in Venezuela (Spanish) and Q18 in Japan (Japanese), Kenya (Swahili) and Nigeria (Hausa and Yoruba).


9.	The dataset does not include results for a series of questions relating to religion in Ethiopia (Q153-Q162). These questions will be featured in an upcoming Pew Research Center report and released at a later date.
 
